Kramdown format fixes, including width of code blocks - IETF Datatracker Update (#110)
ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture: draft-ietf-scitt-architecture.md

This document describes a scalable and flexible, decentralized architecture to enhance auditability and accountability across various existing and emerging supply chains.
It achieves this goal by enforcing the following complementary security guarantees:

1. Statements made by Issuers about supply chain Artifacts must be identifiable, authentic, and non-repudiable

> 1. Such Statements must be registered on a secure append-only Log, so that their provenance and history can be independently and consistently audited
> 1. Issuers can efficiently prove to any other party the Registration of their Signed Statements; verifying this proof ensures that the Issuer is consistent and non-equivocal when producing Signed Statements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Such Statements must be registered on a secure append-only Log, so that their provenance and history can be independently and consistently audited
3. Issuers can efficiently prove to any other party the Registration of their Signed Statements; verifying this proof ensures that the Issuer is consistent and non-equivocal when producing Signed Statements
```

It achieves this goal by enforcing the following complementary security guarantees:

1. Statements made by Issuers about supply chain Artifacts must be identifiable, authentic, and non-repudiable
2. Such Statements must be registered on a secure append-only Log, so that their provenance and history can be independently and consistently audited

> 3. Issuers can efficiently prove to any other party the Registration of their Signed Statements; verifying this proof ensures that the Issuer is consistent and non-equivocal when producing Signed Statements

Author: Markdown automatically converts to sequential numbers, when formatted property.
